What is Constructor in Java:
    A constructor is a special block of codes that helps us give initial values to the fields
    of a class. Initialization of object or instance.

Why we should use a Constructor.
        1) When we use the constructor to initialize the object it look more readable and cleaner.
        2) If the Fields of a class are private it is not possible to access them outside of the class without
        constructor or method which means we cannot initialize them without a method or a constructor.
        3) We can enforce rules like what kind of values are assigned to variables with the help of a constructor.
        4) If we want to make sure that some lines of code should be executed when the object of a class
        is created we can put that code inside the constructor.

How to use Constructor.
    We create constructors inside the class and when an object of that class is created
    the constructor is executed automatically.
class car {
String make;
String model;

car(String carMake, String carModel) {
make = carMake;
model = carModel;
}

public static void main(String[] args) {
car bmw = new Car("BMW", "m4");
}
}

Rules:
    1) Constructors don't have return types not even void.
    2) Rhe name of the constructor should always be same as name of the class
    3) Constructors can't be created with a static keyword.
    4) We can use any access modifiers with Constructor
    Access modifiers are keywords in java that help us control the access of
    classes, variables, methods and other code of block. There are four access levels in java
    5) If we don't create a constructor in a class a default constructor with
    zero parameters is created by compiler(Takes the code written by us and it converts
    that code to byte code which is easier for JAva to understand).
    6) it is not allowed two constructors in a class with the same parameters and same type
This keyword:
    We can use the "this" keyword to access the instance variable when you have same name variables
    in your method or constructor or any block of code.
This(): Not that common
    Calls the constructor of a class inside other constructors.
    Why we should use, because it help us reuse already written constructors if they contain same code
    Why we want to create multiple constructors on the first place because we want give end user flexibility
    that he can create the objects of our class in many ways