Constructor is:
    Constructor is a block of code that is used to construct objects.
 Why we use  Constructor:
    Constructor help us initialize objects in cleaner and more readable way.
    They are better then methods because they are called automatically when we create an object.
    Most of the time fields are private and because of this reason we can't access them
    outside of the class in which they are declared and can't initialize them.
How to use Constructor:
    We create the constructor by writing a block of code that has same name as class name.
    When we create the object of that class it is called automatically.
Rules:
    1) Constructors don't have return types not even void.
    2) Constructors should have same name as a class name.
    3) Constructors can have access modifiers like private public and protected.
    4) Constructors can't have non access modifiers like static final synchronized.
    5) Default constructor is provided by Java if we don't write one.
    6) When we create the object of a class then a Constructor is called.
    if the class name is Dog. Dog dog1 = new Dog();
    7) We can create multiple Constructors to give the other users flexibility that they
    don't have to provide all the values to all the instance fields when creating an object of our class.
    8) We can call the constructor of a class by using this keyword with parenthesis, this() we can pass
    parameters and Java will decide based on these parameters which constructor to call.
"this" keyword:
    When ever we can have same name variables as instance variable and local variable this keyword can help us
    resolve the conflict between local and instance variable.
class Human {
String name = "sleeping Zombi";

void printName() {
String name = "Wake up Zombi";

System.out.println(name); will print this one, but if we use this.name will print above
}
}

What is inheritance:
    inheritance is a mechanism in java through which we can get proporties and methods from the Parent class inside the child class
Wgy we should use inheritance:
    inheritance helps us reduce the amount of code that we have to write for example
    if there are some properties and methods which are present in many different classes we can create
    a parent class for all of those properties and can put the common properties or method inside that parent class and
    can ,ake children class extend from that parent class.
How we can use inheritance:
    1) Create a parent class
    2) Put all the common methods anf properties from children classes inside that parent class.
    30 Use extends keyword to inherit from that parent class.
Rules:
    1) Private fields and private methods can't be inherited inside the children class.
    2)